c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\bin\Debug\CINCOPA.exe.config
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\bin\Debug\CINCOPA.exe
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\bin\Debug\CINCOPA.pdb
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA.g.resources
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA.exe
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA.pdb
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA_Content.g.cs
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.baml
c:\users\rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\CINCOPA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\ControlResources.baml
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\Views\CrfView.baml
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\obj\Debug\Views\CrfView.g.cs
C:\Users\Rymbln\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CINCOPA\CINCOPA\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
